Why are you still bothering with
my exoplanet, Franklin?
CARA said it was too far for us
to reach right now.
But even if we can't get there in person,
we can still use technology
to get more information about it.
Which could help us learn a lot
about its potential for life.
Still, can you imagine
what it'd be like to travel there?
The wonders of the cosmos
stretching out before you.
The space wind in your hair.
There's no wind in space.
I was speaking metaphorically, of course.
There's no metaphors in space, either.
If I could go on a road trip
to another solar system,
I'd finally get to check off a few items
on my must-see nebula list.
What's a nebula?
To the monitors.
A nebula is where new stars are born,
in a cloud of dust and gas.
Can you imagine
anything more beautiful than dust and gas?
I can think of a few things actually.
There's the Horsehead Nebula.
And the Eagle Nebula.
And who could forget
the Ham Sandwich Nebula?
Just kidding.
Sure, space is beautiful,
but don't forget the dangers.
Like black holes.
That doesn't sound very fun.
Unless your idea of fun involves an area
where gravity has become so strong
that nothing around it can escape.
Not even, like, tearing a hole
in the fabric of space and time.
Frankly, the thought of holes
in the fabric of anything is terrifying.
Oh, no.
This will take hours to reorganize.
Cherry.
That was a fresh cup.
Oh, no.
We lost track of the exoplanet.
It's okay. Someone must have recorded
the coordinates, right?
Right?
Nope.
If no one logged the coordinates,
then how will we ever find
the exoplanet again?
No problem.
If my big brother found it once,
he'll be able to find it again, right?
Sure thing.
You can do this.
It's…
Come on. Where is it?
Get it together, Charlie Brown.
We need results.
I'll never find it.
Wait. What's that?
I found it!
Yeah!
It just looks a little different now.
A lot smaller.
That's normal for exoplanets, right?
No, Charlie Brown, it's not.
Charles, it appears you found an asteroid.
A what?
Asteroids are
rocky bodies orbiting the sun.
They vary in size, from tiny
to nearly the size of a small planet.
Nice work. You found a rock.
There's just something
about you and rocks, Charlie Brown.
I guess my luck is pretty rock-specific.
So, any updates on your progress?
Well…
- We had the coordinates, but--
- There were some issues.
A lot of issues.
We lost it.
I see.
What are we going to do now?
That exoplanet could have been
the breakthrough we were looking for.
It is disappointing,
but setbacks happen in science,
especially when exploring
something as unpredictable as space.
Sometimes missions need to be postponed,
or you didn't find
what you thought you would.
That's why you can't count on
finding all your answers in one place.
That's why they tell you
not to put all your space eggs
in one space rocket.
I don't think it goes like that.
Well, it should.
In this case, exoplanets hold
a lot of promise for the search for life.
And as our technology develops,
we may be able to find out more.
But as you've found,
they can be difficult to study.
So it's not always possible
to answer all our questions.
Man, science is tough.
- Yep.
- Sure is.
- Agreed.
When it comes to science,
you have to be willing to keep looking,
even if it's not where you expected.
Hold on. There's something different
about that asteroid.
Its orbit is moving
in the opposite direction
of everything else around it.
That's okay. Sometimes you have to move
to the beat of your own drum.
Actually, when it comes to orbits,
everything that comes
from our solar system
is supposed to go in the same direction,
including asteroids.
That means
this may not be just any asteroid.
You're onto something, Franklin.
It appears this asteroid
may in fact be an object
which has traveled from…
another solar system!
What? Sometimes I like to do
my own sound effects.
Wow, tough crowd.